Our first story, I actually want to work through the transcript of the conversation between the killer and his lover. I'm sure you've all seen it by now. And we'll talk about some of these conversations. Every day we're learning a little bit more about the suspected assassin, Tyler Robinson, the 22-year-old, and the profile that we have of him so far, it's incomplete to say the least. And we talked about this last night. The FBI has given us a killer. They've given us a suspect. He's this 22-year-old, extremely online, apparently left-wing, redditor, gamer. He's apparently gay. He's got a boyfriend. This is the extent of our knowledge of this person. And the reason I say the picture is incomplete is because we're missing a couple of things here. One is a digital footprint. There does not seem to be any kind of digital record of this person's politics or any kind of social profile of this person. We don't have a YouTube channel. We don't have an Instagram, a Twitter. We don't have a Discord profile. We don't have private messages, notwithstanding the ones that were published today. And that's curious because you would expect that a political radical that goes and murders a high-profile political target, you'd expect a young, extremely online person of that sort to leave behind a trail. And we don't have anything like that. And we should. At this point in time, the internet sleuths should have been able to find this. You're able to find it with all the other ones, all the other school shooters, all the other mass killers of the past five or six years, within hours of the apprehension of the suspect, whether dead or alive. You've seen this movie play out. That sleuths on 4chan or Twitter are able to locate the person's forum posts, their Twitter, their YouTube. We're able to see who they're following, what they said, what their politics were. Not with Thomas Crookes last year, not with this guy, which is interesting. Here's the other piece of the story we're missing. We're missing the story of how a seemingly normal 22-year-old, no history of mental illness, no criminal record. And as I said, no digital footprint. How does a mild-mannered 22-year-old, apparently a bright kid, like I said, with no history of transgressive, a social, anti-social behavior from a good, intact family. We don't have any clue of how that person becomes so deranged. They plot a high-profile political assassination. And that begs a secondary question, which is, if this person did not go down that path alone, did someone else send him down that path? A group, an accomplice, maybe, maybe, and it is a possibility, an intelligence agency. I'm not gonna say that that's likely, but I'm not gonna rule that out either. That's not impossible. It's implausible. I think stretches may be a belief, but it's not impossible. So we have an incomplete profile of who this person is. It's actually raising more questions than answering at this point. But one thing we're learning is apparently about a conversation that was had in the moments before he turned himself over to the police. And this is a story from NBC that says, quote, the day conservative activist Charlie Kirk was gunned down while debating students on a Utah college campus, the man eventually charged with his murder, sent his roommate a text message. Tyler Robinson wrote, stop what you're doing, look under my keyboard. The roommate whom Robinson referred to as my love, who we now know as Lance Twigs, his transgender boyfriend, he uncovered the note and it said, I had the opportunity to take out Charlie Kirk. I am going to take it. And this, by the way, is the note that Cash Patel has been referring to. Cash Patel, the FBI director, intimated that the FBI had Encountered evidence that a note was left behind, which contained a confession. They said, however, the note was destroyed. And a lot of people said, well, how can this be? How does the FBI know about a note and the contents of that note, which apparently contained an all-important confession, if that note had also been destroyed and was not in the possession of the FBI? People said, how's that possible? The note doesn't exist and yet you know it exists and what's in it. How is that possible? Well we now know that the killer texted the roommate, hey, look under my keyboard. I left you a note and the roommate took a picture of it and then discarded it. And I would imagine that law enforcement digitally retrieved the message. Maybe the roommate kept the picture and they discovered it on the roommate's device. The roommate attempted to delete it, but they recovered it later. I imagine that is how that happened. But they also discovered private messages between the suspected killer and his roommate. I will read you the transcript. This is alleged. This is the conversation. After reading the note, the roommate replied and said, what? You're joking, right? You're joking. Robinson replied, I am still okay, my love, but I'm stuck in Orem for a little while longer yet. Fucking Larper, why? It really sucks that Charlie Kirk got killed by this guy because this is like, this guy is the biggest loser it seems like on earth. If any of this is even real. He writes, shouldn't be long until I can come home, but I got to grab my rifle to be honest. I had hoped to keep the secret till I died of old age, sorry to involve you. The roommate replied, you weren't the one who did it, right? He replied, I am, I'm sorry. The roommate replied, I thought they caught the person. He said, no, they grabbed some crazy old dude that interrogated someone in similar clothing. I had planned to grab my rifle from my drop point shortly after, but most of that side of town got locked down. It's quiet. I had enough to get out, but there's one vehicle lingering. The roommate replied, why? Why did I do it? Yeah. I had enough of his hatred. Some hate can't be negotiated out. If I am able to grab my rifle unseen, I will have left no evidence. Other than the written confession that you left behind, that you're in the process of writing. Other than the weapon, I will have left no evidence of the crime. Other than the handwritten confession I left under my keyboard and the conversation where I'm confessing still right now on writing, in writing on the internet as we speak because that makes sense. He writes, going to attempt to retrieve it again, hopefully they have moved on. I haven't seen anything about them finding it. The roommate replies, how long have you been planning this? He says a bit over a week, I believe. I can get close to it, but there's a squad car parked right by it. I think they already swept that spot, but I don't want to chance it. Robinson replies, or he goes on rather. He says, I'm wishing I had circled back and grabbed it as soon as I got to my vehicle. I'm worried what my old man would do if I didn't bring back grandpa's rifle. I don't even know if it had a serial number, but it wouldn't trace to me. I worry about prints. I had to leave it in a bush where I changed outfits. Didn't have the ability or time to bring it with. It's interesting the way that he's kind of narrating his escape. Because if you review the timeline as we understand it so far, the discrepancies in the timeline are concerning his escape, specifically the change of clothes, because he's wearing a different outfit when he's captured on the ring doorbell camera walking up to the venue. Then the outfit he's wearing when he escapes and leaves the venue. So one of the discrepancies in the official story is the change of clothes. Another discrepancy is the planted weapon. How did the weapon get from concealed on his person to constructed on the roof, potentially deconstructed on the way down and reconstructed in the woods? All of the questions and discrepancies about the official narrative are concerning these details. And inside this conversation, he seems to be narrating all the details almost as if to explain them to us. But how could he know that we would be reading them? It seems like he's narrating the events and connecting one event to the next and resolving all of the inconsistencies and discrepancies and questions basically tying it up in a neat little bow because up until this point, those are the questions people are asking. Why did he change clothes? How did the weapon get in the woods? Conveniently, now we have this little narration, this expository narration from the killer as if to wash away any doubts. That's a lot of detail. Why is he confessing all of this? Does that sound natural to you? You just committed the most high profile assassination of the 21st century in America. You evaded law enforcement. You think you got away with it. I'm going to get online. I'm going to get on my phone and I'm going to text the whole narrative. I'm going to text where the evidence is. I'm going to confess that I did it again and again. I'm going to say how I did it. I'm going to talk about my escape plan. Here's where I am. Here's where I'll be. This is how I did it. This is where I left the gun. This is where I left my clothes. Maybe he is an amateur after all. He's a 22 year old young man. I assume this is his first high profile assassination. Just a guess. Maybe he's nervous. Maybe he thinks he got away with it. Doesn't need to be careful. But that's the part that sticks out to me. The way that it's and everyone else has commented the same thing. It seems expository. That's the tone anyway. He goes on. He writes, I didn't have the ability or time to bring the weapon with me. I might have to abandon it and hope they don't find prints, which of course they did didn't wear gloves. How the fuck will I explain losing it to my old man? Only thing I left was the rifle wrapped in a towel. Only thing I let all I hope there's no fingerprints on the rifle I left in the woods inside a what color was it again officer blue the blue towel I left it in. He writes remember how I was engraving bullets. The fucking messages are mostly a big meme. If I see notices bulge on Fox News, I might have a stroke. All right, I'm going to have to leave it. That really fucking sucks. Judging from today, I'd say grandpa's gun does just fine. I don't know. I think that was a $2,000 scope. Delete this exchange. Nice op sec. My dad wants photos of the rifle. He says grandpa wants to know who has what the feds released a photo of the rifle and it is very unique. He's calling me right now. I'm not answering since Trump got into office. My dad has been pretty diehard maga. I'm going to turn myself in willingly. One of my neighbors here is a deputy for the sheriff. You are all I worry about love. I'm much more worried about you. Don't talk to the media, please. Don't take any interviews or make any comments. If any police ask you questions, ask for a lawyer and stay silent. So this is the exchange that we got today. And you know, look, here's the thing. If we are reading a conspiracy into it, there's a lot about this that doesn't make a ton of sense. People have pointed these things out. It appears like the language is stilted. The word choice, the detail that's provided, the level of detail, people are saying that the way that the conversation reads, it doesn't read like an organic conversation. He says my vehicle instead of my car. He launches into all these specifics about the weapon, where it is about his escape, about all these things, that would he retrieve those pieces of information for the purpose of this conversation organically? Now, the question is what would be the purpose of fabricating a conversation like this? Either law enforcement had him write this under duress or maybe he fabricated the conversation for law enforcement to discover. People are saying that maybe the conversation was effectively a performance, that maybe they were sitting next to each other or maybe they talked about it over the phone and this was his way of exonerating the partner or his way of exonerating any other accomplices as if to say, Hey, attention, everyone. acted alone. If law enforcement is reading this message in the future, I acted alone. Don't arrest the love of my life. Don't arrest my accomplices. To a conspiratorial mind, maybe that is how this sounds. We also must give a fair hearing to Occam's razor, the most simple explanation. He's a nervous amateur. And maybe this is just a big self report. I mean, certainly that is possible. We have to say, I would say that some of the things going against the conspiratorial idea is that he asked the partner, remember you saw me engraving the bullets. Now, if the purpose of this, of this dialogue of the script was to exonerate the partner, why would he ask the partner, do you remember when you saw me engraving bullets? Because that sentence, that phrase alone is going to warrant attention and interest from law enforcement. So, Lance Twiggs, you saw your boyfriend writing messages and bullets like the other infamous assassin from a year ago. You didn't know he was going to use him to kill a high profile person. Why or why not? What did you know and when did you know it? If it was scripted, then it's got to be perfect. If it was scripted either by the, by Tyler Robinson, the suspected killer or by law enforcement, then it's got to be airtight because that's what a script is. It's intentional, but if on the other hand it was nervous and sloppy, then you could say maybe he was just spilling his guts. He's being hunted by law enforcement. He can confide in no one, tell no one he's under duress. They're talking about the death penalty and people say, well, he evaded law enforcement. He's a professional. I would say that one of the major things that we have to consider about this killing is that there was nothing really professional about it. They shot Charlie in the neck. Now, if you're shooting someone from a long distance, you aim for the center of mass. You aim for the chest, the torso. So if he got hit in the neck, it seems like the killer did not account for the bullet drop and was maybe aiming for the head, which is not what a professional would probably do. And if they were aiming for the head, they would hit the head. The neck is a strange place to strike, but that it's hard to say I'm not a ballistics expert. What's more, there was DNA evidence found on the gun. He did not, contrary to what we initially thought, evade all security cameras. He was captured on security footage from the perch where he took the shot and walking up to and leaving the venue. So this is clearly not a professional job. It was an amateur job. The roof was accessible by a pedestrian walkway. The event had no security checkpoint, no perimeter established. And as we've all witnessed, the law enforcement response was sloppy. They arrested the wrong guy. Then they arrested a second wrong guy. Then they announced they had no idea who did it and they asked everybody to turn the person in. So is it possible that the same guy that didn't use gloves, the same guy that walked right in front of the cameras, that same guy might also think that if he just deleted his discord messages that he might get away with it, I mean, it's possible. We don't know. We just don't know. We don't have all the information. And I assume we'll learn more as time goes on. To me, as it stands right now, where I'm sitting, to the extent that there is a conspiracy, it seems like it might be a larger plot involving Tyler Robinson's peers. I think that probably Tyler Robinson was the trigger man. I think he pulled the trigger. It was his gun. To the extent that there is a conspiracy, I think it involves probably a larger social circle surrounding him. I think potentially the partner who witnessed him engraving the bullets. I think potentially the people that were in his driveway or parkway without a state license plates and the days leading up to the attack, the recipients of the message he sent on discord. And of course, there is the nugget of evidence. They said that he was on the phone shortly after he pulled the trigger. Who was he? on the phone with was he in a voice chat with how many people with whom? And the FBI says that there are more than 20 people that are persons of interest that the FBI is looking into and investigating. I'd be very curious to see what this social circle looks like. Who were the recipients of the message? Which Discord servers was he in? Who is this partner? What's his story? And who are the other people that might be involved or might have had advanced knowledge of it? To me, that is interesting. And you have to think about in terms of a conspiracy. Clearly, the bullet was fired from that perch. I don't buy into these theories that it was a palm pistol from the side. That is insane to me. Some people are saying the camera was a gun. I mean, get real. Some people are saying that the video camera recording the event looked like a giant gun. Come on now. So I believe he was the trigger man. That was the murder weapon. That was the perch. The question is then, did he act alone? And I think the answer to that is probably no. That's a transcript. But I do want to move on. I want to get into some of these other aspects of it. That's just the latest on his killing by itself. I don't know how much of this we'll get into tonight because we're, it's just so much material all the time. But I want to talk a little bit now about this Groyper angle. We didn't get a chance to talk about it last night, but this was extremely distressing to me and very shocking. Of course, the question which is unresolved still is who actually killed Charlie Kirk? And as we've talked about so far tonight, there are those that blame the state of Israel. They say the killer's motivation had something to do with the foreign state of Israel. Some are saying that it is this Tyler Robinson figure and there's much debate about who he was and what his politics were over the weekend though, there seemed to be a concerted effort to push the narrative that the killer Tyler Robinson, the suspected killer was actually a Groyper, a follower of mine and motivated by far right ideology. He was the gunman, but he didn't kill Charlie Kirk over transgenders or some left-wing ideology, but because of a far right ideology that saw Charlie Kirk is too radical. And on its face, this is completely ridiculous. First of all, as the Groypers, the far right, our life's mission practically for the past seven years has been to debate Charlie Kirk. Groypers are showing up to turning point events to ask him to debate me. That's literally what they have done for six years. And that is all that they have done is attend Charlie Kirk's events in disguises, wearing MAGA hats, pretending to be Jews, leftist Republicans to at the last minute on the microphone say, debate Nick Fuentes, debate. Why won't you debate Nick Fuentes for six, seven years? That's not the meme, but literally that that's the duration of time. And we're going to be respectful about it. We're not going to say six, seven, but for literally six or seven years, that is all that, that Groypers have ever done is ask about our differences of opinion on Israel, on immigration, on social issues. Right up until a few weeks ago, there was a recent turning point event where one of my followers got to the front of the Q and A line and said that exact same thing. Will you debate canisones and Nick Fuentes? So that's in the first place. Second of all, you have the only evidence about the killer's ideology so far, which is the markings on the bullets. We knew about this on, I believe Thursday or Friday at the latest. And the markings on the bullet, the engravings, there were two of them were furry memes. They were Reddit furry transgender memes about a bulge. That's the bulge that a person's penis makes a cross dresser's penis would make. That is a furry transgender meme on Reddit. There were two political memes and they could not be more unambiguous. One said catch this fascist. Presumably saying catch this bullet. You fascist. And the second said Chaubella. Well, who call Charlie Kirk a fascist. Who would even be dumb enough to think Charlie Kirk was a fascist? To the far right, Charlie Kirk is a lot of things. He's not a fascist. To the people further to the right than Charlie Kirk, well, by its very definition, Charlie Kirk is too moderate, too liberal, too progressive. What were our criticisms of Charlie Kirk that he was too pro-gay, that he was too pro-immigration, that he was too pro-Israel? Those were our critiques of Charlie Kirk, not that he was a fascist or a racist or a Nazi. Who would consider Charlie Kirk to be too far right, the people further to his right or the people far to his left? Who wouldn't consider Charlie Kirk to be a fascist? Obviously, the far left. And it should be said, Charlie Kirk was not a fascist at all. He was a ballot chaser. He was an electioneer. He was running Turning Point students. He would go to college campuses and debate leftists. That's not what fascists do. The fascist brown shirts or black shirts, they fight communists in the streets. That is what they're known for. Anybody that idolizes the fascists of the 30s or 40s, brown shirts and black shirts, they seize power. They beat communists up in the streets. They use the government to make society the way they want it to be. Charlie Kirk's motto was big government sucks. That's your fascist? Socialism sucks, big government sucks, free market, free enterprise. That's not a fascist at all. And anyway, we're farther to the right. We identify as farther to the right. Our criticisms of him is that he's too moderate. So who considers him a fascist? Antifa, communists, they consider Ben Shapiro a Nazi and he's a Jew. They consider Charlie Kirk a fascist and he's effectively a center right liberal. So it could not be more on it. Who's calling Charlie Kirk a fascist? Antifascists. What did the second political inscription read? It said Chow Bella. What is that? An antifascist anthem, which by the way, I have never heard of until that was made public last week. I know this is hard to believe, but you know, Gropers, the far right, we're not really into anti-fascist European larping. Like apparently that's an Antifa song from Italy from the 1960s. It's an obscure Antifa communist rally song, a very important one for the left, from Italy in the 60s. You think that far right nationalists, Christian nationalists are into the Antifa lore like that? So go figure. The two political messages are calling Charlie Kirk a fascist and an antifascist song from Italy in the 1960s. People saw these inscriptions and said he's a far right Gropers. How does that even begin to make sense? Well, they said that the shooter was a gamer like the Gropers. Okay. They said that in 2018, he dressed up as the squatting Slav. Squatting Slav is a meme that Slavic people wear an Adidas track suit and they squat and smoke cigarettes and drink vodka. Well, idiot boomer leftist found an iteration of the squatting Slav meme where a Pepe frog is dressed up like the squatting Slav and they confused Pepe for Groyper and said that that's a Groyper meme. Wearing an Adidas track suit and squatting is a Groyper. And you know, L Reeve explained this on CNN. It was explained in Axios. These are three separate memes. They're three different things. There's a squatting Slav which has nothing to do with politics or Groyper or Pepe. It's its own thing and it's like 10 years old. Squatting Slav is the meme that Slavic people squat on their heels with vodka, cigarettes with a news boy hat, whatever you call those stupid hats. That's its own thing. There's a YouTube channel called Squatting Slav. It's a joke about Slavic people. Then there's Pepe, there's Pepe the Frog. That happens to be the most popular emote on Twitch. It is a ubiquitous meme for a time it meant the far right but it's just one of the central memes now. Like Wojak, like other things, Trollface. Pepe is its own thing. And Pepe is different from Groyper. Groyper is its own thing. And we didn't appropriate Groyper until 2019. Now they took him dressed as Squatting Slav. They saw Pepe mixed with Squatting Slav and said, oh, that's the mascot of the Groypers. Not understanding that these are three different things from three different eras, one not connected to the other. Then in terms of these specific inscriptions, they said that Chow Bella, they found some Groyper playlist on Spotify from a random user that had five followers and said that a remix of Chow Bella is on that playlist. And then that went from being some obscure playlist from somebody nobody even knows to now that's a Groyper anthem. That's the Groyper playlist. And that is one of our anthems. And look, music has been a part of this movement for a long time. We actually had anthems. During the Groyper War, we had anthems. It was That's Life from the Joker movie because of all the Joker memes, the movie came out October 3rd, 2019, I think. And Jesus is King, the Kanye West album that came out in the same month. Two years later, we actually had an official playlist and there were no antifa theme songs on there from the 60s in Italy. It was all like throwback, zoomer music, indie alternative, it was Miley Cyrus. So it's like we had anthems for Groyper War. We had a white boy summer playlist. Anyway. But what was the most incredible about this conspiracy theory? It's not how, and I'm just going through some of the factual stuff at the outset. What's incredible about this whole narrative that was spun up, the reason we're talking about it is that you would expect that something so baseless, something so ridiculous would just be confined to an obscure corner of the internet. You might see it on Blue Sky. You might see a post on Reddit with five upvotes spinning something like that, but this became like mega viral over the weekend. Posts on Facebook and X and Reddit were getting millions of views. It was reported in Reuters like it was the news. It was reported in Vanity Fair like it was a fact. There were memes about it. Like I said, I had a dozen people call me up and say, my mom found out what a gripper is because of all this slop. And they're asking me if I knew the killer. And I cannot shake the feeling that that is coordination because something that baseless, something that ridiculous, it's plausible that some boomers, obviously boomers have no internet literacy. They have no meme literacy. They are tapped out. They know nothing. So they see some resistance liberal, some blue anon conspiracy account post. Did you guys know that Charlie Kirk has enemies on his ride and they have gripper and here's squatting slob. And these boomers that learned that what a gripper was two minutes ago said, I know all about you guys. That's plausible. But for that to get millions and millions of views, that stings to me like this was bodied, like this was promoted, like this came from the top down. And it really makes you wonder. The right wing blames the far left for the killing. The right wing is blaming trannies. The right wing is blaming Antifa, the John Brown gun club. And it's not even clear by the way that any of that was involved. It's not factual yet. What we know now is that some liberal cisgender white guy and I say cisgender, he's not trans. He had a trans boyfriend, fair enough. So he's, he's part of the LGBT community. Well, we know so far as some gay white guy did this. The right wing is blaming the far left. The left wing somehow implausibly is blaming the far right. And I almost feel like, is there some kind of plot here? Is there some kind of, because wouldn't that make a lot of sense that the right wing takes out the far left and the left wing takes out the far right? And even though the killer, we don't even, we haven't heard from him. We don't really know anything about him. We don't even know if he acted alone. Some say he's not even the gunman. Both the far right and far left are being implicated and are being attacked. Will they be taken out before we even know any of the information? Was that all part of the plan? Maybe was that a pre-existing plan to frame the far right for this? Did they think that, and think about it this way, this is interesting. They say that the suspected killer, Tyler Robinson was going to commit suicide. What if he committed suicide on Thursday? We would now never know. What if he committed suicide on Thursday? Dead men tell no tales. Would the far right be blamed? Would the groipers be cracked down on? Would the government shut down the groipers? Would I be implicated? Did someone intervene to save his life and deliver him to law enforcement? Now he's on suicide watch in the prison. If this guy gets killed in prison or kills himself, I repeat myself, there's going to be a big problem. And I said this last week, this is why it's very important not to do anything hasty. This is why it's very important not to do anything drastic too soon because we are in the fog of war right now. We are in a war and the fog of war is heavy and dense and thick. And in the fog of war, we find that the far left and the far right are being blamed for the same thing, the assassination of a center right guy. I don't like it. It stinks to me. It stinks that something with no evidence like this was being promoted in Reuters by some Jewish researcher. And this narrative is being promoted on Facebook and X and everywhere. And you know who was the first person to push this out there? Milo Unopolis. Milo was the first person to push the idea that it might have been a groiper. Milo, who is also conspicuously gained 200,000 followers on X in the past 12 hours. Does that sound normal? Milo, who Elon Musk replied to on Twitter framing me as a fad twice in July? Who Eric Prince, who is in bed with all these people like Ahud Almert and the Israelis and Palantir and all of it, Eric Prince replied to Milo on Wednesday when he said, we need to get Eric Prince to protect the president. We need Eric Prince to protect everybody. Why is this guy now conspicuously being promoted everywhere? And he was the first one to try to frame me. Here's the question. Was the assassination of Charlie Kirk regime change within the online right wing? Ben Shapiro said he's going to pick up the bloodstained microphone from Charlie Kirk's cold dead hands. Milo says, I'm coming out of retirement. Was this regime change? By the way, Milo is a Jew. Milo is a pro-Israel Jew. And if you look into his lobbying firm, he's in bed with Karen Giorno, a Zionist creature from Florida, who's tight with Susie Wiles, the campaign manager of BB Netanyahu. He's working with Ron Coleman. He's working with the top rabbi in Omaha, Nebraska. Those are the people in Milo's lobbying firm. This guy's going to, so Charlie Kirk, a goi, Charlie Kirk, a questioning disgruntled goi is now going to be replaced by either Ben Shapiro, the Jewish Zionist or Milo, the gay pedophile Jewish Zionist slash drag queen. Anybody find that a little conspicuous? That that narrative framing the groipers came from him first, right before his conspicuous bodied surge and following, his promotion by Elon Musk, among others that now he is going to do the campus tour and who's going to help him do that? Where's the money? Where's the sponsorship coming from? I think that's something very interesting to watch. Something very interesting to watch and pay very close attention to. Who is promoting Milo? I'd also ask the question, and maybe this goes a little bit further. Earlier in the year, Candace Owens, Tucker Carlson, Milo, and Elon tried to frame me as a fed. It didn't work. They said I was some federal operative. I'm the real anti-Semite. I'm a creepy Jew hater, blah, blah. That's what Tucker said. That didn't work. That backfired immensely. Charlie Kurt gets shot in the head, in the neck, and then there's this narrative coming from the same group saying it was the groipers. Now, step aside, Nick and Charlie Kirk. It's time for Ben Shapiro and Milo to take center stage. Tucker and Candace reassure us with Max Blumenthal, the Jewish leftist, and son of Sydney Blumenthal that Charlie didn't hate Israel or the Jews. He just didn't like Netanyahu. Something's not, something's not right here. Something is not right here. Something is, and then, by the way, when I tried to defend myself, I said this on, I think, Sunday. On Sunday, I said I'm being framed. Reuters, which is one of the preeminent newswire sources in the world, Reuters said, the guy's a groiper. I said, hey, I'm being framed right now. Candace Owens is in my reply saying you're making it about you. You're a victim. Well, hold on, Candace. You think the Israelis did it? If I, if I'm being framed for it, you don't think I should be refuting that? I can't defend myself. So Milo pushed the story. I defend myself. Candace attacks me for defending myself. The whole thing stinks. It stinks. And I don't like it. And I don't know if something more is going on. You know, a plausible explanation is that look, a power vacuum opened up and everybody's fighting to fill it now. Everybody in their brother recognizes the opportunity, the king has passed, and now everyone is rushing in to claim the crown. I get it. That's plausible. But this whole blaming it on the groipers, yeah, that seems like the definition of a scyop. It doesn't seem like some, if this was organic, you might see one unhinged leftist say that, and then everyone forgets about it. But for this to gain as much traction as it did, such that the plurality of people believe a groiper killed him, that stinks like a scyop to frame me. And then you kill two birds with one stone, you get the disgruntled Normie, Charlie Kirk, and then you get the far right, you know, the real deal opposition, Nick Fuentes, and who fills the void? A new dialectic, the Jew Ben Shapiro and the gay Jew Milo. And these are your going to be your options. So the old dialectic was the Goy Charlie Kirk and the Goy Nick Fuentes, Kirk is dead, Fuentes is framed for it, new dialectic, the Jew Shapiro, the gay Jew Milo. Then I guess we're supposed to watch that show add in fan item. By the way, that was the same show that we got in 2016, both Breitbart alum Milo and Shapiro both came from Breitbart. Do you remember that? Ben Shapiro was at Breitbart until Michelle Fields got pushed over by Corey Lewandowski. Milo was a creation of Breitbart. Do you know who funded Breitbart? Rebecca Mercer. Rebecca Mercer provided the seed money to start Breitbart. Rebecca Mercer is the sponsor of Candace Owens husband, George Farmer. Rebecca Mercer handpicked Candace Owens husband, George Farmer. to run parlor. And she and farmer were like this with Nigel Farage. And how did Steve Bannon wind up running Breitbart? And I like Steve Bannon. I like what he's been saying lately, but you know, they call it Breitbart. Who is it named after Andrew Breitbart? But did you know something? Andrew Breitbart never ran Breitbart because he mysteriously died right before it was created. Go figure. Almost exactly like Charlie Kirk in some ways. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it one bit. Dangerous times, dangerous times, cloak and dagger stuff, shadowy stuff. I don't like any of these people. I don't trust them. And you know what else? Milo, not fucking American. You will never be American, you Jewish cocksucker. You will never be American. Can a someone's husband not American? Go the fuck home. Elon Musk, not American. None of these people are American. I don't like them. I don't trust them. They're trying to frame me now. All of a sudden, trying to get us to fight the left, trying to get the left to kill me. Elon said it was attempted murder that people are posting people's addresses on Twitter. Where was that energy when my address, which was spread by Milo, was all over Twitter for weeks and got 50 million views and someone tried to murder me. Where was that energy then? Now it's attempted murder. These people have been trying to kill me and frame me and discredit me for the past 15 months. And this Groyper framing, this Groyper frame job feels very similar to all the rest of it. And I don't like it. So be on high alert because there's a lot of, a lot of misdirection, a lot of deception, a lot of dishonesty. So that's the Groyper angle. As far as the Charlie Kirk database, we'll have to get into that tomorrow because we're out of time tonight. That's my message. Be on guard because I do believe, as I said, I don't believe that Israel killed Charlie Kirk necessarily, but he clearly was questioning. He clearly was chafing. That's not, there's no doubt about that. And at the end of the day, he said something very important and I loved what he said actually. This one thing that he said I actually loved. He said, Megan, I'm an American. He said, what do they expect from me? He said, I love Israel and so on. He said, but I'm American. That's what counts to me actually. You know, I did a collaboration this afternoon. I was talking to somebody. I said, politically, I identify as American. I don't identify as right or left, although I am right wing. Politically, I am American. I am an American born American. And I like what Kirk said. He said, you know, at the end of the day, I'm not Israeli. I'm American and it seems like I'm not allowed to criticize Israel. That's the same energy we should all have. And we should question any of these foreigners, foreigners, foreign influence, foreigners that were not born here, that are not from here. I don't care if they're from Britain. I don't care where the fuck they're from. If they're not from American, they can shut the fuck up and go home. This is America. And Charlie Kirk, whatever you want to say about him, he was 100% real American. He was from Arlington Heights. I know that area very well. That guy was 100% American. He might have been pro-Israel, but he was born in America. Rest of them, I don't trust British people coming in here, Russian money, Qatari money, Israeli money, all this foreign cash, you know, I don't buy it for one second, man. 